[#8][#16][#23] Training, Deployment and Architecture sections (#36)
odahu/odahu-docs: source/ref_trainings.rst

######################

> Model Trainings

Reviewer: Please rename it as just `Trainings` and `Model Deployments` as  just `Deployments`
OR
Rename `Packagers` to `Model Packagers` 

for better consistency.

          value: TEST_ENV_VALUE
      # A Docker image where the training will be launched.
      # By default, the image from a toolchain is used.
      # image: python:3.8
      # A connection which describes credentials to a GIT repository
      vcsName: <git-connection>
    status:
      # One of the following states: scheduling, running, succeeded, failed, unknown
      state: running
      # List of training results
      artifacts:
          # Mlflow run ID
        - runId: 12345678
          # Trained artifact name
          artifactName: wine-10.zip
          # VCS commit ID
          commitID: d3d6e8ed776ed37fd2efd7a1b8d5fabdd7e3eea5

********************************************
Training data
********************************************

Odahu-flow allows downloading data from various sources to the local file system of a training job.
Data source supports the following types of Odahu-flow connections:

    * :ref:`ref_connections:S3`
    * :ref:`ref_connections:Google Cloud Storage`
    * :ref:`ref_connections:Azure Blob storage`

Let's consider the following example of downloading training data from Google Cloud Storage.

Prerequisites:

>     * The training data set locates in the `wine-training-data` bucket by `wine/11-11-2011/` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The training data set is located in the `wine-training-data` bucket by `wine/11-11-2011/` directory.
```

>     * The ML script expects that the data will locate in `data/` directory relative to the root git directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The ML script expects that the data will be located in `data/` directory relative to the root git directory.
```

        description: "Training data for a model"
        region: us-central2

Finally, we provide a data section of Model Training.

.. code-block:: yaml
    :caption: Example of Connection GCS:
    :name: Connection GCS file

    spec:
      data:
        - connName: wine-training-data-conn
          localPath: data/
          remotePath: wine/11-11-2011/

*********************
Trainings management
*********************

Trainings can be managed using the following ways.

Swagger UI
----------

ModelTraining and ToolchainIntegration are available on the Swagger UI at http://api-service/swagger/index.html URL.

Odahu-flow CLI
--------------

:ref:`ref_odahuflowctl:Odahuflowctl` supports the Training API.
You must be :ref:`logged in <ref_odahuflowctl:Login>` if you want to get access to the API.

Getting all trainings in json format:

.. code-block:: bash

    odahuflowctl train get --format json

Getting the model name of the trainings:

.. code-block:: bash

    odahuflowctl train get --id tensorflow-cli -o 'jsonpath=[*].spec.model.name'

> * Creating of a training from `train.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Creating a training from `train.yaml` file:
```

By default, the deployed MLflow Tracking Server is available at `https://cluster-url/mlflow` address.

.. code-block:: bash

    # Add the odahu-flow helm repository
    helm repo add odahu-flow 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/odahu/odahu-helm/master/'
    helm repo update
    # Fill in the values for the chart or leave the default values
    helm inspect values odahu-flow/odahu-flow-mlflow --version 1.0.0 > values.yaml
    vim values.yaml
    # Deploy the helm chart
    helm install odahu-flow/odahu-flow-mlflow --name odahu-flow-mlflow --namespace odahu-flow --debug -f values.yaml --atomic --wait --timeout 120

.. warning::

    Odahu-flow must be deployed before the mlflow trainer.

MLProject file
--------------

Let's look at how the MLProject file is related to Model Training API.

.. code-block:: text

    name: My Project

    entry_points:
      main:
        parameters:
          data_file: path
          regularization: {type: float, default: 0.1}
        command: "python train.py -r {regularization} {data_file}"
      test:
        parameters:
          data_file: path
        command: "python validate.py {data_file}"

> Model Training API only can contain one entry point.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Model Training API can contain only one entry point.
```

You have to add all hyperparameters, which do not have a default value, to a Model Training.
Next, you can find the Model Trainings for the MLProject file.

.. code-block:: yaml

    spec:
      entrypoint: main
      hyperParameters:
        data_file: test/123.txt
        regularization: 0.2

.. code-block:: yaml

    spec:
      entrypoint: main
      hyperParameters:
        data_file: test/456.txt

.. code-block:: yaml

    spec:
      entrypoint: test
      hyperParameters:
        data_file: test/123.txt

MLFlow protocol
---------------

Odahu-flow requires that a model be logged through `mlflow API <https://www.mlflow.org/docs/latest/python_api/mlflow.pyfunc.html#mlflow.pyfunc.log_model>`_.

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: Example of sklearn model logging:

    mlflow.sklearn.log_model(lr, "model")

Optionally, you can provide input and output samples for Odahu-flow.

> It allows determining input and output types for Odahu-flow packagers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It allows to determine input and output types for Odahu-flow packagers.
```

Author: Grammarly recommends the gerund form in the this case.
